Add docs subsection about joining services (#23869)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/join-services-to-your-cluster/join-token.mdx

  "session affinity") with Teleport Proxy Service instances.  

  </Details>

  <Notice type="tip" >

  If you are are using a Docker container, note that this guide assumes that
  your Linux host has `curl` and `sudo` installed. 

  </Notice>

(!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

## Step 1/3. Install Teleport

Install Teleport on your Linux host.

(!docs/pages/includes/install-linux.mdx!)

## Step 2/3. Join your Teleport process to the cluster

In this section, we will join your Teleport process to your cluster by:

- Obtaining a join token
- Running your Teleport process with the join token

### Generate a token

Teleport only allows access to resources in your infrastructure via Teleport
processes that that have joined the cluster.

On your local machine, use the `tctl` tool to generate a new token. In the
following example, a new token is created with a TTL of five minutes:

```code
# Generate a short-lived invite token for a new Teleport SSH Service instance:
$ tctl tokens add --ttl=5m --type=node 
The invite token: (=presets.tokens.first=)
This token will expire in 5 minutes.

Run this on the new node to join the cluster:

> 

Reviewer: While we're here, can we replace this with `teleport node configure` + `teleport start`?

Author: This is the output of the `tctl tokens add` command, which [still prints](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/8a18b2b58ed5baaf4e5f30f23c948122d3a1d9a7/tool/tctl/common/node_command.go#L119-L134) the `teleport start` command

Reviewer 2: We _could_ be more explicit in saying that we only care about the token and will ignore the rest of the output. We could also `grep` the output for the token.

Or we could update `tctl` to provide the desired output.

```

<Details scope={["oss","enterprise"]} title="An insecure alternative: static tokens" scopeOnly={false} >

<Notice type="Danger">
Use short-lived tokens instead of long-lived static tokens.
Static tokens are easier to steal, guess, and leak.
</Notice>

Static tokens are defined ahead of time by an administrator and stored in the
Auth Service's config file:

```yaml
# Config section in `/etc/teleport.yaml` file for the Auth Service
auth_service:
    enabled: true
    tokens:
    # This static token allows new hosts to join the cluster as "proxy" or "node"
    - "proxy,node:secret-token-value"
    # A token can also be stored in a file. In this example the token for adding
    # new Auth Service instances are stored in /path/to/tokenfile
    - "auth:/path/to/tokenfile"
```
</Details>

### Start your Teleport process with the invite token

Execute the following command on the host running your new Teleport process to
add it to a cluster. Assign <Var name="join-token" /> to the token you generated
earlier and <Var name="proxy-address" /> to the host and web port of your
Teleport Proxy Service or Teleport Enterprise Cloud tenant (e.g.,
`teleport.example.com:443`):

```code

> $ sudo teleport configure \

Reviewer: Consider `teleport node configure` here too, as it's more specific to generating a single SSH Service config.

Author: I wanted to show the more general command since this guide is for all services you can join. I've added a `Notice` indicating that you can use `teleport node configure` for SSH Service instances

---
title: Join Services with a Secure Token
description: How to join services with your Teleport cluster via a join token
---

In this guide, we will show you how to register a Teleport process running one
or more services to your cluster by presenting a **join token**. 

In this approach, you declare your intention to register a new Teleport process,
and Teleport generates a secure token that the process uses to establish a trust
relationship with the Teleport cluster.

## Prerequisites

(!docs/pages/includes/edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx!)

- A Linux server that you will use to host your Teleport process, e.g., a
  virtual machine or Docker container with an image based on a Linux
  distribution.

  In this guide, we will show you how to register a Teleport SSH Service

>   instance. This approach applies to new Proxy Service instances as well as the
>   Kubernetes Service, Database Service, and other Teleport services for
>   accessing resources in your infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  instance. This approach applies to new other Teleport services like the
  Proxy Service, Kubernetes Service, Database Service, and other services for
  accessing resources in your infrastructure.
```
